Cisco Firepower Management Center

FMC REST API
username + password
token in headers

FMC manages Firepower Devices (ASAs with FP) and Firepower Threat Defense Devices (pure FP devices)


ASA API

-Separate package to download onto ASA
-Enable API and http server is spun up and enabled
-Doc browser w/ examples
-Export as python, perl, javascript

https://IP/api/interfaces/physical
-username and password auth

Firepower

+ Capabilities

+ Granular visibility into network

    Real-time threat management
    Security automation
    Threat Intelligence Director
    Cisco Firepower Management Center (FMC)

    + firewalls

        application control
        intrusion prevention
        URL filtering
        advanced malware protection
        The REST APIs allow programming of the Firepower devices to allow one to automatically provision devices, deploy policies and controls, and monitor device health.

Umbrella

+ Capabilities

    + Cisco Umbrella is a cloud-native platform

        Umbrella unifies firewall, secure web gateway, DNS-layer security, cloud access security broker (CASB), and threat intelligence solutions into a single platform.
        Extend protection to roaming users and branch offices.
        Leveraging insights from Cisco Talos, one of the world’s large
        cloud-delivered secure web gateway logs and inspects all web traffic
        cloud-delivered firewall helps to log and block traffic using IP, port, and protocol rules for compliance
    The following APIs are available:

    + Management API—Manage organizations, networks, roaming clients and more.

Reporting API—Enables organizations to run several reports.
Console Reporting API—Enables MSPs, MSSPs, and Multi-Org Console administrators to view deployment and security summaries.
Network Device Management—Enables organizations to register a hardware device with Umbrella, set policies for that device, etc.
Legacy Network Devices API—Enables organizations to integrate legacy hardware network devices with Umbrella.
Enforcement API—Enables organizations to manage security-related block lists.
Investigate API—An API-based version of the Investigate dashboard.
Dynamic IP Update API—Enables you to keep your Umbrella Network IP addresses up to date when using a dynamic public IP address.

AMP

+ Capabilities

    + comprehensive protection for your organization across the attack life-cycle: before, during, and after an attack.

        prevents breaches but also gives you the visibility, context, and control to rapidly detect, contain, and remediate threats if they evade front-line defenses, all cost-effectively and without affecting operational efficiency.
        before attack— Cisco Talos
        during attack—ThreatGrid
        after attack—continuously monitors and analyzes all file activity and traffic, regardless of disposition, searching for any indications of malicious behavior (Retrospective Detection)
        APIs

+ Cisco AMP for Endpoints API

ISE

Capabilities
    dashboard view into every user, device and threat.
    Visibility into all users and devices controlling access across wired, wireless, and VPN connections to the corporate network.
    Creates and enforces security and access policies for endpoint devices connected to managed routers and switches.
    context-aware identity management in the following areas:
        users are accessing the network on an authorized, policy-compliant device.
        user identity, location, and access history, which can be used for compliance and reporting.
        assigns services based on the assigned user role, group, and associated policy (job role, location, device type, and so on).
        authenticated users with access to specific segments of the network, or specific applications and services, or both, based on authentication results.
    API
        ISE External RESTful Services(ERS) API
        Monitoring REST API--locate, monitor, and accumulate important real-time, session-based information stored in individual endpoints in a network.

Threat Grid

+ Capabilities

    + Malware protection

    + Threat intelligence

        sandboxing
    rapidly analyzes files and suspicious behavior across your environment

    global and historical view of the malware, what it’s doing, and how large a threat it poses to your organization

    Prioritize threats

API

+ The Threat Grid API offers broad functionality, primarily in the areas of

    + user and organization account management
        sample management
        sample analysis data collection
        threat intelligence harvesting



